# Nov '22 Investor Update

#### majr saves creators time while earning more money by bringing together how you make an idea with how you market it. Customers tell us we're like Shopify meets Figma. We're initially focused on serving top artists in the music vertical.<BR>

###### **[Latest Pitch](https://docsend.com/view/jnwm8riu4grhi8zv)**  |  [Download demo app](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/majr/id1634121602)

>Tldr; This month is focused on test results from our recently launched iOS app where we're seeing ~25% conversion and ~11% acquisition at no marketing cost. We can also state with confidence these are high-quality acqusitions. 

#### Test Summary  
  On Oct 14th we began running 2 tests. The first test was focused on measuring the effectiveness of acquiring through direct artist promo. The second was focused on measuring the effectiveness of acquiring gen pop through merchandising at live events.
  
#### Results  
  - Test #1 yielded 10% acquisition rate off n=750, or 77 net new devices. In this test, the artist promoted majr directly to fans within their Discord community. majr incurred no hard marketing costs.  
  - Test #2 yielded an avg conversation rate of 25% and aquisition ranging from 5-18%. QR codes were displayed on merch tables at live events in Tempe, Colorado Springs and St Louis. majr incurred no hard marketing costs. Interesting fact: In US Q2 there were 2.8M QR scans with less than 1% targeting app installs.
 - Test #1 ended with a fan focus group hosted in Discord
  
  #### Additional Data
  - 11 Sessions/Active Device, with no product edu or engagement nudges   
  - 18% of session length >  2 minutes
  - Nov MAD: 135 
  
  #### What's next?
  - In Nov, we'll scale up testing with an artist drop to 15K fans on Instagram. Based on initial tests, we expect to see 1k - 1.5k first time downloads 
  - We'll also be shipping improved desktop views to [artist tools](https://artists.majr.app) and the iOS app experience to enable top artists on the platform 

#### Where we need help?
  - Hiring Growth PM: We're building our pipeline of candidates for growth marketing. Ping me if you have good folks. [Sharable Job Description](hiring/active/growth.md)
  - Sourcing Top Artists:
  - Investor Network:
  
  #### More information 
  - [Download iOS app](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/majr/id1634121602)
  - [Previous Investor Updates](http://blahblah)
  - Follow [majr on twitter](https://twitter.com/majrapp)
  
Definitions 
- Conversion rate is used to describe click-thru rate from any initial call-to-action, such as a promotional link
- Acquisition rate is used to describe the rate of sign-up or download within a given flow 
  
  
![Discord Fan Focus Group]
