# June '22 Investor Update 
June was a month of table setting and evolution. This month saw a lot of product development and preparation for artist outreach. We landed on v1 packaging and positioning for our product  -- a *song story*. The platform we're building enables breaking artists to easily create and fans to impressively experience song stories.  In addition, we extended our first full-time offer to Jeremy Jones to lead engineering. We're also very lucky to have recently retained a talented industry hire to help shape artist marketing.  

Like many startups, we're calibrating to the swift arrival of a recessionary environment.  We reduced expenses, repurposed a headcount and let one person go.  

We continue to hear customer excitement around the product and the platform. Our open beta launches next week. This summer we're aiming for 1k registered and active artists.

**Additional**
- Completed v1 unit economic forecast and Top Artists outreach list  
- Secured additional $10k through friends & family round 
- We've retained a second developer to accelerate product development

**Key Metrics for June**  
- Monthly Burn: $20k
- Cash on hand: $54k
- Cash committed: $110k

**How You Can Help**  
-  Music Copyright: If you know someone who has career experience in entertainment law with a focus on music copyright  
  
**Next month**
Next week we're launching our open beta for artists.  The business will begin pitching rising artists on the platform. We will also have an update of our brand and positioning across digital channels later in the month.  

Thanks for your support. Let me know if you have any questions or feedback. 

Jamie Cannon\
CEO, majr
