# Toast please, hold the avacado

There's been a wave of layoffs in the tech sector. Many suspect more are coming. It is always very difficult when anyone loses their job and faces real economic uncertainty. It is one of the most difficult situations anyone can face in life. On the other hand, one positive effect is that many talented people are now decoupled from bigger tech firms. When they find new jobs - and many will -  we will likely see a wave of disruptive innovation from the smaller, more adventurous firms who hire them. This would have been unlikely if all that talent stayed within larger, risk-averse firms.

That said, startup jobs won't be like the bigger tech jobs. In particular the recession will create a new kind of environment many haven't experienced before. This has come up in recent hiring conversations and so I'm sharing my own perspective if it's helpful for folks thinking about joining a startup. 


**Joining a startup**  
Startups are most successful when everyone is equally motivated by the very strong belief in building something that can make a difference. This belief is a special kind of belief because we all believe things, but do not start organizations and invent things to support these beliefs. To start something and build something entirely new requires a very deep belief that is the core motivator for doing the thing. It is essential that everyone on the team holds this belief, trusts each other, and pushes incredibly hard to deliver on their expected outcomes. I believe this is the only arrangement of people and beliefs that lead to success. 

Most often, the team of people who work in the earliest stages of a startup work without pay. They work for equity. This works because they deeply believe in the idea and equity is the best store of value we have for future contributions to a successful company. Sometimes it is not possible for someone to work without pay. In many of these cases, a startup may not be able to afford that person. If a startup has the luxury of free cash, most often they will pay a small and workable amount to that team member, combined with reduced equity. The balance of cash and equity depends on the time and results that person is expected to deliver to the startup. These two remuneration levers (cash & equity) combined reflect total compensation, again based on expected results from that team member.  If a startup has cash from either large funding rounds or revenue, then industry salaries are often paid with much less equity or none at all, very much depending on the role and expected outcomes of that role.  The balance of these compensation levers is different for each person and can often change for a person depending on their individual life and work circumstances over time. 

Startups are a long-term bet and people who work at startups often forego lucrative careers for the chance at building something they love in the hopes that others will love it, too. If everything works out, then equity positions will convert to hard money and it ought to be a nice payout for years of hard work. Startups are rarely places with lots of cash and certainty. 

**Closing**  
For this mindset, one analogy I like is the choice of heading to your favorite cafe and ordering toast, *hold the avacado*. One option is likely free, the other is $16. Both fill you up. To be clear I'm no fan of monastic living or scarcity mindset, so I assure you that nothing beats the taste of freshly baked warm bread.

In closing, let me state something that I suspect many people believe: the world needs some new ideas. Startups continue to be one of the best vehicles to create and develop new ideas. In the long run, this reconfiguration of talent from large to small firms will only accelerate the rate of new ideas - something that is decidely a very good thing. 
