 I’ve been meaning to write an update all month and now it’s overdue. 
 
You know why we named the company majr? We want every artist to know and believe that they can be successful on their own terms.  You’re already a major artist and you don’t need anybody else to confirm this, regardless of how big or small your team is.
 
majr is your stage, we’re just building it. By bringing together arists (y’all) and product makers (us) – we’re going to build something special.
 
For your engagement in this effort, we’re deeply grateful. We’re a small company with big ambitions because there’s nothing more important than art and music. Music reaches everyone in unexpected ways; it connects and reveals to us truths which are otherwise inaccessible.  Whether you’re working in an esoteric jazz form or mainstream pop, thank you for sharing your spirit and energy with the world. 2023 is going to be a big year and we’re fully committed to serving you in the unique ways that majr can.

Tech is an industry in crisis, now well-understood to have serious deficits in its morals. The world of non-stop, continuous, algorithmic programming which triggers and teases leaves us all feeling fatigued and fearful. Disconnected. I believe we have a role to play in elevating beyond this and offering a new kind of experience that bridges music, storytelling and the real-world. That’s the feeling of what we want to build with you. 
 
As we get ready to launch, we’ll begin sharing product plans with an invitation to critique and offer feedback. Artists have to be in the drivers seat of building the next generation of music experience.  While I recognize everyone is busy with overflowing inboxes, I hope you’ll participate.

In the meantime, we wanted to share a few core beliefs for how and why we’ll serve our artists this year.  Think of them like our 2023 resolutions 😊
 
We’re in service – always -  to the stories of artists and their expression
We’re motivated to connect more people to themselves and each other through the meaning and experience of music
When people are connected they come alive. The world needs more people who come alive
We’ll do this by building a company inside out, not outside-in.  This means staying true to artists and our mission  
We’ll build intentionally – thoughtfully considering the cultural, social and human impacts of technology.
 
The next update will include a preview of upcoming product features. The lines of communication are always open;  e-mail or text anytime with ideas, critiques or asks for help.
 
W/ much gratitude,
Jamie
